First draft of GitHub Skill-up content (#1)
carpentries/github-skills: index.md

site: sandpaper::sandpaper_site
---

> This skill-up teaches some of GitHub's features and the skills to use them for more effective (lesson) repository maintenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This skill-up teaches some of GitHub's features and the skills for more effective (lesson) repository maintenance.
```

It is designed primarily as a resource for skill-up leaders, but may also be useful for self-directed learning.
The skill-up is taught with example lesson repositories in GitHub but the principles and skills covered are transferable to other repository hosting systems such as GitLab.

> We recommend that skill-up leaders use [the Instructor View](./instructor/index.html) when visiting the site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that skill-up leaders use [the Instructor View](./instructor/index.html) of this lesson.
```

## Target Audience
This skill-up is aimed at Carpentries community members who want to use GitHub’s features to manage their lesson project more effectively. 

It is suitable for people who:

> * Are familiar with the folders and files of a Carpentries lesson repository.

Reviewer: I don't know that this is a hard core requirement. We tend to explain the structure of the lesson repo template as we work through the skill-up demos.

site: sandpaper::sandpaper_site
---

This skill-up teaches some of GitHub's features and the skills for more effective (lesson) repository maintenance.
It is designed primarily as a resource for skill-up leaders, but may also be useful for self-directed learning.
The skill-up is taught with example lesson repositories in GitHub but the principles and skills covered are transferable to other repository hosting systems such as GitLab.

> We recommend that skill-up leaders use [the Instructor View](./instructor/index.html) of this lesson.

Author: ```suggestion
We recommend that skill-up leaders use [the Instructor View](./instructor/) of this lesson.
```
